[Music]
very good family How are you? Well
my goodness my goodness How the
issue of Belén Rodríguez and Kiko Hernández has escalated I
mean literally they have literally
lost their tempers this has gone to
an extreme that I never imagined seeing from
these two I mean I really think that a
storm is coming and that we have a lot of
content left that we are going to have to discuss
with these two because I really think that
today they just
exploded in a literally beastly way
Yes everyone on social media is understanding
that Kiko Hernández has insinuated
that Belén has addiction problems
okay Why is it that people have
understood it like that well I personally think that
Kiko has made it quite
clear I mean you can't understand other
things with his words I've seen the
clip twice okay I've seen the click
on the Telecinco page and honestly
when he's not pissed off he's
saying it to himself calmly and looking at the camera
okay he's not pissed off at that moment he
still tells him Belén
heal yourself the only thing I want is for him to heal you
heal yourself you need it Okay and the
director the directors are yelling
the team already Kiko  for Kiko up to there
Kiko stops and María Patiño also touches his
arm Kiko stops Kiko stops you know I mean it was
very strong it was quite
powerful and I think the insinuation
was quite Clara yes it is
true that in a legal matter surely I do
n't know if this would have a long way to go because we
will be talking about a dispute in
which both are participating you
know that Belén ro this afternoon put out a
statement good that we had it reading
and in fact we released a
video about it No thank you police for keeping me away from the alleged criminals thank you especially for protecting me from the alleged crimes that have been committed against my privacy in my home I don't know
what I would have done without you thank you thank you
and more thank
you okay apparently he wrote her some messages that according to Kiko Hernández and the leadership were so hurtful that they couldn't broadcast it they couldn't even read it family the one that got into trouble okay Kiko Hernández has insinuated what he has insinuated okay I mean literally everyone on social media has understood it The same way
when you are telling a
person to take care of yourself take care of yourself
because everything starts in the afternoon
after eating  4 to 5 to 6 in
the afternoon in the morning we are never
not stupid okay I mean he insinuated
what he wanted to insinuate I don't know
based on what okay but it's giving me
sickness obviously he didn't tell her
in some way you are sick I won't be long I'll
tell you one thing here when it gets
heated what you're going to see
next is after the
insinuations okay here when it gets
heated you're going to [ __ ] yourself you're going to [ __ ] yourself
eh You're going to [ __ ] yourself I mean I remember
perfectly you're going to [ __ ] yourself rociíto you're
going to [ __ ] yourself this same phrase was said by
Antonio David and they have been using it they have been
using it for two
years to accuse Antonio David of the
worst I understand that he must have put
something brutal in the messages for
Kiko to lose his temper like this
live and it has to be something super big
I think he has touched something in his
pancreas or something like that we'll see
because really This is going to explode I
mean family
This is going to explode let's pay close attention
because this is going to explode This is going to
explode and we're going to  know But it must have been
something really big you're
going to [ __ ] yourself and he repeats it I mean he
repeats it because he knows the soft version
but you don't know the heavy version I think
this is a full blown threat live
live family
you're going to [ __ ] yourself take it and it's a good thing I'm
watching it live now
because if not I don't want to get these
rebounds in my house because there are people who do
n't have to see me pissed off but it's
completely
turned on it's completely turned on
with family But I'll tell you one thing you're going to
[ __ ] yourself now you're going to have to
call the police but no now you're going to have to
call the police but
my goodness but but he doesn't care about
anything eh I mean how dare he How
dare he say this on live man he
must have the police in his hands
because Kiko Hernández knows how
complaints work the lawsuits
have sued him many times they
have also reported him and he must have some
messages or in other words what Belén Rock has written to him
must be of such caliber
for him to be exploding like this you know
in order to justify this legally I
don't know if you understand me I'm not giving him
the reason for Kiko I
mean what I mean he knows that anything
can be used against him in a
lawsuit or in court Okay then it
has to be some very strong messages
that he knows he can justify what he
's saying you understand me you ask me for the
roll to the geos [ __ ] [ __ ] let's
see listen to me [ __ ] Kico let
's go with Mediaset
Lidia Lozano said I wouldn't like to
be in his skin I imagine she was
referring to Kiko Hernández she had to
put something super strong I mean very
hurtful she says they are so strong and
hurtful that they can't be read in
public This is going to come out sooner or later
eh surely by the weekend we
'll know Wow what
Belén Roa must have told him this
and now
come on let's
keep talking better
keep talking about Vejer go you know
what he's referring to okay let's see what he
says here because here here Wow
my mother eh my mother eh
here Belén Rodríguez I'm sending a message
to María Patiño to broadcast it
live let's listen to it daddy I'm not here
watching nothing I'm not watching anything I'm sure
no I'm sure no my daughter But you
can say with all the freedom in the
world
that I will never look here again with
Hernandez in my face Never again in my life
my goodness these tremendous eh I mean This is going to
be television history I'm
telling you eh because this is going to get out of everything
they're going to get out of everything the moment that
Belén Rojo realizes that
judicially and with the police and others it doesn't make
sense and goes on the attack they're going to get
out of everything they're going to get out of all this
bastard on top of it This I mean
the colleagues have read the messages and they
're saying on top of it I mean the messages
have to be brutal they're going to get it out for
sure the messages for sure
or at least that we know what they're about
more or less even if we don't know the
literal meaning
This is the only and last message Paty
Yes of course you're
going to get it out we'll see no he'll probably end up participating in this family what am I going to tell you tremendous tremendous I mean tomorrow This is going to explode they're going to above all they're going to get out of everything I saw another clip of Kiko Hernández in which he
says once Jorge Javier  He
told us that if we fought there would be
20 more years of "Sálvame" and
Kiko Hernández said, I think 30, that is,
look at all the things and garbage they
have under the carpet to get
family out, what do you think? In fact, I
will be reading your comments box. I
send you a huge hug and until the
next video
[Music]